汉字是彭一航的翻译。
Study: Multitasking is counterproductive
(Your boss may not like this one)
平行工作和生产力冲突。
你的老板可能不喜欢这个。

August 5, 2001 Posted: 9:31 PM EDT (0131 GMT)
投稿于2001年08月05日。
CNN Career
(CNN) -- Multitasking is a managerial buzz-concept these days, a post-layoff corporate assumption that the few can be made to do the work of many.
平行工作是一个时毛的管理学概念，然而没几个人能做到。
But newly released results of scientific studies in multitasking indicate that carrying on several duties at once may, in fact, reduce productivity, not increase it.
最新的研究发现同时做多件事降低了生产力。
"In some cases, you could be wasting your employer's time," says researcher Joshua Rubenstein, Ph.D., formerly of the University of Michigan and now with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) working on security issues. "And in certain cases" of multitasking, Rubenstein says, "you could be risking employers a dangerous outcome."
密歇根大学博士，现在在联邦航空局做安全工作的约书亚如本四腾说，后面的不知道怎么
翻译。

In the research behind an article titled "Executive Control of Cognitive Processes in Task Switching" -- being published Monday in the American Psychological Society's Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance -- Rubenstein and his associates David Meyer, Ph.D., and Jeffrey Evans, Ph.D., determined that for all types of tasks, subjects lost time when they had to switch from one task to another.
星期一发表在美国心理学会实验心理学人类感知与性能期刊的署名为任务切换中的认知
过程的行政控制的论文说，不论何种类型的工作间的切换，时间都被浪费了。
Too much, I need eight arms and four legs. 	
事太多了，我需要八只手，四条腿！ 

These "time costs" increased with the complexity of the chores: It took longer, say researchers Rubenstein and Meyer, for subjects to switch between more complicated tasks.
时间开销随着平行工作数的增加而增加，在工作间切换的时间越长。
"People in a work setting," says Meyer, "who are banging away on word processors at the same time they have to answer phones and talk to their co-workers or bosses -- they're doing switches all the time. Not being able to concentrate for, say, tens of minutes at a time, may mean it's costing a company as much as 20 to 40 percent" in terms of potential efficiency lost, or the "time cost" of switching, as these researchers call it.
同时打字，接电话，和同事说话的人一直在工作间切换，无法专心，可能有百分之二十到
四十的效率浪费。
"In effect," says Meyer, "you've got writer's block briefly as you go from one task to another. You've got to (a) want to switch tasks, you've got to (b) make the switch and then you've got to (c) get warmed back up on what you're doing.
不知道怎么翻译。
Driving while talking on a cell phone, maybe making business calls while trying to get to your next meeting, is being used by these researchers as an example of a potentially disastrous multitasking scenario.
研究者说边开车边打电话是后果比较严重的例子。
"A lot of folks," says Meyer, "think, 'Well, cell phoning while driving is really no big deal and I can get away with it.' But even if you have a cell phone that's not held by hand and can be dialed by voice, you still have a really big conflict because when you're driving you need to be looking at various different places, you need to be reading signs, you need to be talking to yourself about those in order to -- through your mental speech -- make decisions about where to go with your car. And there's no way to do that while on the cell phone because you have to use your 'inner ears' and 'inner speech' and even your 'inner eyes' to imagine what the person on the phone is talking about."
很多人认为开车打电话没什么，但是即使是语音控制的电话也很危险，开车时需要注意
各种变化的事物，要看标志，要做决定控制方向，打电话的时候无法做这些判断因为你
的五官要用在电话上。
"We found that 'switch cost,'" says Rubenstein, "increases with the complexity of the tasks. That suggests that a very simple conversation on the phone while driving a car -- maybe 'Honey, please pick up some bread on the way home' -- might not draw too much concentration. But if the conversation becomes difficult or emotionally charged or mentally taxing -- like 'Honey, the house is burning down, what should I do?' -- it draws more attention and more mental resources away from your primary task, which is driving the car: You're more likely to have an accident."
切换的开销随着平行工作数的增加而增加，所以开车时如果要打电话尽量简短，不会分
散太多注意力，对话复杂就会分散更多的脑力，更容易出事故。
The application to work scenarios is quite clear and, says Rubenstein, even quantifiable.
平行工作在工作上的情景就更清楚了。
Researcher David Meyer, Ph.D.: "It's kind of like one of the 'Dirty Harry' movies with Clint Eastwood. At the end of the film Clint says, 'A man's gotta know his limitations.'" 	 
人必须知道自已的局限性。
What are you doing right now as you read this article? Ordering supplies for the office from your distribution warehouse? Monitoring a screen for production equipment performance? Getting an e-mail back to your colleagues in the Denver office? Carrying on Instant Message conversations with three co-workers? Writing up a report in Word for the meeting on Wednesday? Eating the lunch you never have time to leave the desk for? Opening and reading traditional mail? Filing an in-house memo to Tech Services because your browser is acting up? Making a list of the clients you're expect to reach by close-of-business today? Trying to resize the fonts in the company newsletter so it fits on one page?
正在读这篇文章的你正在做什么？从发货仓库取办公用品，还是盯着电脑屏幕监视生产
设备，还是在回答邮件，还是在和三个同事聊微信，还是在写报告，还是在吃饭，
还是在写备忘录因为上网器故障了，还是在列出今天要见的客户名单，还是在调整文档
字体以适合打印？
"There's no doubt that over the course of the last century," says Meyer, "there's been an exponential explosion of available information. Part of the responsibility of people developing this technology -- computer manufacturers, 'big Bill' (Gates) out in Seattle -- should be taking into account the multitasking limitations of people using it."
一个世纪以来，信息量爆炸式增长，得益于一些人的功劳，电脑生产者，西雅图的比尔
盖磁。
"This even applies to homework," Rubenstein says. "I'm seeing this in my nephews. They're doing too many things while they're doing their homework. And it makes it less efficient."
这个结论也适用于家庭作业，他们做作业的时候还做其它事因而低效。
Rubenstein, Meyer and Evans studied patterns in the amounts of time lost when people switched repeatedly between two tasks of varying complexity and familiarity. In four experiments, young adult subjects switched between different tasks, such as solving math problems or classifying geometric objects. The researchers measured subjects' speed of performance as a function of whether the successive tasks were familiar or unfamiliar, and whether the rules for performing them were simple or complex.
研究者研究了人们在不同复杂度和熟悉度的两个工作间切换的时间损失的变化，四个实验
里，年轻参与者在数学题和为物品分类两个工作间切换，研究者以两种工作的熟悉程度
，复杂程序为参考变量测量参与者的速度。
"And on an aircraft carrier, operators perform in command information centers. They have to process lots of information across many, many channels that require all sorts of different decisions to be made. In order to do that job, the operator must multitask -- and if not, figure out how to cope with the limitations."
航母上，工人在指挥中心工作，处理很多需要不同决策的信息，所以工人们必须处理平
行工作模式，
The U.S. Office of Naval Research is a funding source for the study made at the University of Michigan by Joshua Rubenstein, Davie Meyer and Jeffrey Evans.
美国海军研究署是密歇根大学这项平行工作研究的资金提供者。
The work was done at the University of Michigan in 1993 and 1994, Rubenstein says. Meyer adds that one funding source for this research is the United States Office of Naval Research.
研究在1993年和1994年进行
"It's very common," says Rubenstein, "for research to take several years to go through the review process. And I continued to do some additional research for several years on brain-damaged patients in California. There's a type of brain-damaged patient who can keep all the functions of intelligence intact but lose the 'essential executive.' And those with prefrontal cortex damage have trouble doing task-switching."
对于需要几年时间完成检验的研究这很常见，这几年我在加力福力亚进一步的研究大脑
损伤病人。有一类脑损伤病人其它智力功能完好除了基本的执行力.前额页皮层损伤者
在平行工作切换上有问题。
一件事“，"规则变化”是“我要关闭这件事的规则开启那件事的规则”。


