Sat Oct 15 10:05:51 EDT 2016
汉字是彭一航的翻译。
Does the Internet Make You Dumber?
网络让我们变笨了吗？
The Roman philosopher Seneca may have put it best 2000 years ago:"To be eve
rywhere is to be nowhere."Today, the Internet grants us easy access to
unprecedented amounts of information. But a growing body of scientific
evidence suggests that the Net, with its constant distractions and 
interruptions, is also turning us into disrupted and superficial thinkers.
罗马哲学家塞内卡2000年前说:"到处都是则到处都无"今天,互联网让我们
访问大量信息. 但是证据显示,分心和中断
, 把我们变成不专心的,肤浅的思想者.
The picture emerging from the research is deeply troubling, at least to anyone
who values the depth, rather than just the velocity, of human thought. People
who read text sudded with links, the studies show, comprehend less than those
who read traditional linear text. People who watch busy multimedia
presentations remember less that those who take in information in a more
sedate and focused manner. People who are continually distracted by emails,
alerts and other messages understand less than those who are able to
concentrate. And people who juggle many tasks are less creative and less
productive than those who do one thing at a time.
这个研究揭露的现象令人担扰, 至少对关注思考深度,而不只是速度的人来说.
研究显示,阅读带链接的文字的人,比阅读纯文字的人理解得少. 观看丰富多媒体演示的人
比看文字的人记住得少. 不断被邮件, 铃声,各种信息分心的人理解得
少. 同时做一堆事的人比做一件事的人有更少的创造力和生产力.
The common thread in these disabilities is dispersing our attention. The
richness of our thoughts, out memories and even our personalities hinges on
our ability to focus the mind and sustain concentraton. Only when we pay deep
attention to a new piece of information are we able to associate it
"meaningfully and systematically with knowledge already well established in
memory." writes the Nobel Prize winning neuroscientist Eric Kandel. Such
associations are essential to mastering complex concepts.
想法, 记忆, 个性的丰富程度取决于坚持专心的能力. 只有当为新信息付出足够的
注意, 我们才能有意
义的,系统的把它们和已经确立于记忆的知识联系起来,诺贝尔奖得主神经学家埃里克 
凯得拉说. 这种联系是理解复杂概念的基础.
When we are constantly distracted and interrupted, as we tend to be online,
our brains are unable to generalize the strong and expansive neural
connections that give depth and distinctiveness to our contemplating. We
become mere signal processing units, quickly shepherding disjointed bits of
information into and then out of short term memory.
当我们被持续分心和打断, 象上网那样, 大脑无法形成强力,广泛的神经
连接,这些连接给我们的思想深度和差异性. 我们变成了简单的信息处理单元,快速地收集
零散的信息又快速把它们排出.
In an article published in Science last year, Patricia Greenfield, a leading
developmental psychologist, reviewed dozens of studies on how different media
technologies influence our cognitive abilities. Some of the studies indicated
that certain computer tasks, like playing video games, can enhance "visual
literacy skills", increasing the speed at which people can shift their focus
among icons and other images on screens. Other studies, however , found that
such rapid shifts in focus, even if performed adeptly, result in less rigorous
and "more automatic" thinkging.
去年发表在科学的一篇文章, 帕炊丝亚 格林非得, 一个前沿的研究型心理学家, 检查了
大量关于媒体技术对认知能力影响的研究. 有的研究指出某些电脑工作, 如玩视频游戏,
可以加强视觉识别能力, 加强在图标和屏幕上其它图象间切换注意点的速度. 另一些研
究则发现这种注意点的快速切换, 既使很熟炼, 更多的是自动反应而非严格思考.
In one experiment condcted at Cornell University, for example, half a class of
students was allowed to use Internet connected laptops during a lecture, while
the other had to keep their computers shut. Those who browsed the Web
proformed much worse on a subsequent tet of how well they ratained the
lecture's content. While it's hardly surprising that Web surfing would
distract students, it should be a note of caution to schools that are wiring
their classrooms in hopes of improving learning.
康奈尔大学进行的一项实验中, 一次演讲中一半的学生可使用连网的笔记本, 另一半则
必须保持电脑关闭. 随后关于他们掌握了多少演讲内容的测试中, 浏览网页的学生表现
差很多. 尽管浏览网页让学生分心让人难以置信, 它应该作为对试图通过让教室连网来
提高学习效果的学校的警告.
Ms. Greenfield concluded that "every medium develops some cognitive skills at
the expense of others." Our growing use of screen based media, she said, has
strengthened visual spatial intelligence, which can improve the ability to do
jobs that involve keeping track of lots of simultaneous signals, like air
traffic control. But that has been accompanied by "new weaknesses in higher
order cognitive proesses," including "abstract vocabulary, mindfulness,
reflection, inductive problem solving, critical thinking, and imagination".
We're becoming, in a word, shallower.
格林非得小姐总结说, 每种媒体都发展了一些认识能力并牺牲了其它, 不断增加的屏幕媒
体使用量加强了视觉空间知力, 可以提高做需要跟踪很多同时发生的信号的工作的能力,
如指挥航空交通. 但是这伴随着高级认知处理的新弱点, 包括抽象词汇, 专注力, 沉思,
启发式问题解决, 批判性思考和想象.
In another experiment, recently conducted at Stanford University's
Communication between Humans and Interactive Media Lab, a team of researchers
gave various cognitive tests to 49 people who do a lot of media multitasking
and 52 people who multitask much less frequently. The heavy multitaskers
performed poorly on all the tests. They were more easily distracted, had less
control over their attention, and were much less able to distinguish important
information from trivial.
另一项斯坦福大学人际关系和交互媒体实验室进行的实验中, 一个研究队给49名经常用
多媒体工作的人和52名用多媒体少很多的人多种认知测试. 经常用多媒体的在所有测试中
表现都很差. 他们有更差的注意力, 更难从事情中提取关键信息.
The researchers where surprised by the results. They had expected that the
intensive multitaskers would have gained some unique mental advantages from
all their on screen juggling. But that wasn't the case. In fact, the heavy
multitaskers weren't even good at multitasking. they were considerably less
adept at switching between tasks that the more infrequent multitaskers.
"Everything distracts them." observed Clifford Nass, the professor who heads
the Stanford lab.
研究者很奇怪. 他们以为平行工作者应该从忙于处理屏幕信息得到一些特
殊能力, 但是情况不是这样. 重度平行工作者不擅长多工作, 比轻度平行工作者更不
适应在工作间切换, 干扰他们的的东西太多了。
It would be one thing if the ill effects went away as soon as we turned off
our computers and cellphones. But they don't. The cellular structure of the
human brain, scientists have discovered, adapts readily to the tools we use,
including those for finding, storing and sharing information. By changing our
habits of mind, each new technology strengthens certain neural pathways and
weakens others. The cellular alterations continue to shape the way we think
even when we're not using the technology.
一般认为我们关掉电脑和手机,这些有害影响就会消失,但是不是这样. 科学家发现人类
大脑的细胞结构倾向于适应我们使用的工具, 包括这些用于寻找, 保存, 分享信息的工
具. 通过改变我们的思给习惯, 每种新技术加强特定的神经电路并减弱其它的. 即使我们
不用这些技术时细胞改造也在持续塑造我们思考方法
The pioneering neuroscientist Michael Merzenich believes our brains are being
"massively remodeled" by our ever intensifying use of the Web and related
media. In the 1970s and 1980s, Mr. Merzenich, now a professor emeritus at the
University of California in San Francisco, conducted a famous series of
experiments on primate brains that revealed how extensively and quickly neural
circuits change in response to experience. When, for example, Mr. Merzenich
rearranged the nerves in a monkey's hand, the nerve cells in the animal's
sensory cortex quickly reorganized themselves to create a new "mental map" of
the hand. In a conversation late last year, he said that he was profoundly
worried about the cognitive consequences of the constant distractions and
interruptions the Internet bombards us with. The long term effet on the
quality of our intellectual lives, he said, could be "deadly".
先驱的神经学家米雪儿 么哲里七相信我们的大脑正在被过度使用网络和相关媒体大幅度
重塑. 现在是位于圣弗朗西期科的加州大学退休教授的么哲里七先生在70年代和80年代
, 进行了一系列著名的灵长类动物大脑实验, 发现了神经电路在回应新经验时大量而快
速的变
化. 比如, 么哲里七重新排列猴子手的神经, 这些神经在触常表皮很快重新组织自已以形
成新的手的意识图. 去年的一次采访中, 他说他深刻的担忧到了网络象开炮一样给我们的
分心和打断对认知的影响. 他说这些对我们知力的生存的长期影响的致命的.
What we seem to be scarificing in all our surfing and searching is our
capacity to engage in the quieter, attentive modes of thought that underpin
contemplation, reflection and introspection. The Web never encourages us to
slow down. It keeps us in a state of perpetual mental locomotion. It is
revealing, and distressing, to compare the cognitive effects of the Internet
with those of an earlier information technology, the printed book. Whereas the
Internet scatters our attention, the book focuses it. Unlike the screen, the
page promotes contemplativeness.
我们在上网时牺牲的是支持着沉思,内省的冷静专心的思才模式，. 网络让我们停不下来,
不停的改变思考内容. 和早期的印刷书相比网络对认知的影响明显的悲观的多. 网络分散
注意力,书集中注意力. 书促进沉思.
Reading a long sequence of pages helps us develp a rare kind of mental
discipline. The innate bias of the human brain, after all, is to be
distracted. Our predisposition is to be aware of as much of what's going on
around us as possible. Our fast paced, reflexive shifts in focus were once
crucial to our survial. They reduced the odds that a predator would take us by
surprise or that we'd overlook a nearby source of food.
读很多页书帮助我们发展出罕见的训练有素的思维. 大脑天生易被分心. 我们天生喜
欢尽可能多的关心周围的事. 我们快速的, 本能的改变注意点的体质曾经对生存很
重要, 能减少我们被捕食者捉到的,或错过食物的可能.
To read a book is to practice an unnatural process of thought. It requires us
to place ourselves at what T.S.Eliot, in his poem "Four Quartets", called "the
still point of the turning world". We have to forge or strengthen the neural
links needed to counter our instinctive distractedness, thereby gainging
greater control over our attention and our mind.
读书是在练习不自然的思考过程. 它需要我们把自已放在爱略特在四重奏里说的生命的静止
点的状态. 我们要锻炼专心的神经, 更好的控制注意力。
It is this control, this mental discipline, which we are at risk of losing as
we spend ever more time scanning and skimming online. If the slow progression
of words across printed pages damped our craving to be inundated by mental
stimulation, the Internet indulges it. It returns us to our native state of
distractedness, while presenting us with far more distractions than our
ancestors ever had to contend with. Nicholas Carr is the author, most
recently, of The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains.
上网让我们失去思想控制能力。
如果读书让人冷静, 网络则让人猴急. 把我们带回原始的易分心状态，
, 给我们展示远比祖先需要处理的更多的事物.
