 Neuroscientists say multitasking literally drains the energy reserves of your
神经学家说平行工作榨干大脑能量
   Olivia Goldhill
	奥力维 金山
   July 03, 2016
Constantly checking your phone is a drain on productivity. (Reuters/ Yuya
Shino)
不停的检查手机会榨干生产力。

Does your morning routine consist of checking emails, browsing Facebook,
downing coffee, heading to the train while Googling one last idea,
checking notifications, more coffee, and going through your work email?
The myriad activities crammed into your morning, and the constant
switching between them, is likely making you very tired.
你是不是一早上就检查邮件，看Facebook,喝卡非，在地铁上一边用Google搜什么

When we attempt to multitask, we don’t actually do more than one activity
at once, but quickly switch between them. And this switching is
exhausting. It uses up oxygenated glucose in the brain, running down the
same fuel that’s needed to focus on a task.
当我们尝试平行工作，并不是真到同时做多件事，而是快速的切换，这种切换很耗
力气，用完大脑的氧化葡萄糖，氧化葡萄糖也是也是专心所需要的。
“That switching comes with a biological cost that ends up making us feel
tired much more quickly than if we sustain attention on one thing,” says
Daniel Levitin, professor of behavioral neuroscience at McGill University.
“People eat more, they take more caffeine. Often what you really need in
that moment isn’t caffeine, but just a break. If you aren’t taking regular
breaks every couple of hours, your brain won’t benefit from that extra cup
of coffee.”
这种切换的化学反应能量消耗使我们比专注一件事时更快的疲惫，
Studies have found that people who take 15-minute breaks every couple of
hours end up being more productive, says Levitin. But these breaks must
allow for mind-wandering, whether you’re walking, staring out the window,
listening to music or reading. “Everyone gets there a different way. But
surfing Facebook is not one of them,” he says. Social networks just
produce more fractured attention, as you flit from one thing to the next.
每两小时休息十五分钟可以提高效率，但是这种休息必须是放松思想，比如散步，
望着窗外，听音乐，读小说等多种方法，但肯定不包括上Facebook，社交网络更分心，
不停的从一个信息跳到另一个信息。
Gloria Mark, professor in the department of informatics at the University
of California, Irvine, says that when people are interrupted, it typically
takes 23 minutes and 15 seconds to return to their work, and most people
will do two intervening tasks before going back to their original project.
This switching leads to a build up of stress, she says, and so little
wonder people who have high rates of neuroticism, impulsivity, and are
susceptible to stress tend to switch tasks more than others.
忽略
Hal Pashler, psychology professor at UC San Diego, points out that not all
attempts at multitasking are equally draining. If you’re doing something
on autopilot, such as the laundry, then it makes perfect sense to read a
book at the same time. But attempting to do two challenging tasks at once
will lead to a drain in productivity. “You can’t do two demanding, even
simple tasks, in parallel,” he adds.
吃饭边看书没事，但是不能同时做不简单的事。
And despite the downsides of multitasking, we’re juggling an increasingly
frenetic list of activities, as online notifications deliver ever more
distractions.
忽略
Mark believes that we’re being conditioned to increasingly check social
media networks and email. She explains:

“Whenever you check email, every so often you get a hit, some great
email received. That happens on a random schedule. In psychology, that’s
called random reinforcement and that’s enough to reinforce behavior.”
偶尔有几封重要邮件会强化检查邮件的行为。这个现象叫随机强化。
Random behavior can be incredible difficult to combat. And Mark’s research
has found that after being frequently interrupted, people often develop a
short attention span and begin to self-interrupt.
随机行为很难对付，人们被频繁打断后，会发展出更短的注意力，并开始学会自我打断。
The solution is to give up on multitasking and set aside dedicated chunks
of time for each separate activity. So only check your email first thing
in the morning and again at midday, or set aside 10 minutes per afternoon
for Twitter.
解法是放弃平行工作,把一段时间用于一个活动。
Marks also believes that technology can help protect against its own
distractions, such as software interfaces that force users to take breaks
every couple of hours. And when it comes to long-term projects, Levitin
says you should spend 25 minutes to two hours working on the project at a
time. If you attempt to multitask and spend less than 25 minutes on a
challenging task, then, “you’re barely getting warmed up before you quit.”
做一件不简单的事的时间太短，大脑还没预热就被打断了。
